Added 9-5-2024 meeting notes (#963)
stellar/stellar-docs: meeting-notes/2024-09-05.mdx

---
title: '2024-09-05'
authors: anataliocs
tags: [developer]
---

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bw1KCnF2C6cz0NhWNGKoUOg4oiC-OZck/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

Agenda: [Discord thread](https://discord.com/channels/897514728459468821/900374272751591424/1280678171053789317)

Platform team demonstrated Galexie, a part of CDP(Composable Data Platform):

1. Galexie

>      1. Data Extraction: Extracts raw ledger data from the Stellar network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     1. Data Extraction: Extracts raw ledger close data, the LedgerCloseMeta, from the Stellar network
```

     2. Compression: Compresses raw data for efficient storage

>      3. Storage Options: Supports various storage solutions, starting with Google Cloud Storage (GCS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     3. Datastore: an abstraction that supports various physical storage layers, starting with Google Cloud Storage (GCS)
```

     4. Modes of Operation: Can operate in either batch mode or streaming mode
2. Composable Data Platform 

>      1. Flexible Datastore:  Multiple options for physical data storage layers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     1. Pluggable Datastore: An abstraction that can be implemented for numerous physical data storage layers
```

     2. Galexie:  Used to extract, compress and export data to your chosen Datastore
     3. Transform:  Structure data in a model suitable to your application

> 3. Pluggable Data Pipelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would just delete line 22, lines 23-24 are good indented points for Transform on line 21 instead.
